Gonna dig my grave with a silver spade. Wanna dig my grave with a silver spade Wanna dig my grave with a silver spade Wanna dig my grave with a silver spade Cause I ain't wanna be here no longer.
There's a big white robe in heaven for me There's a big white robe in heaven for me There's a big white robe in heaven for me Cause I ain't wanna be here no longer.
There's some silver shoes in heaven for me There's some silver shoes in heaven for me There's some silver shoes in heaven for me
There's a golden harp in the heaven for me.
Cause I ain't gonna be here no longer.
So can dig my grave with a silver spade.
You can dig my grave with a silver spade.
Cause I ain't gonna be here no longer.